MAINTAINING.md, before:

# Maintaining React-Bootstrap

This document is for people working on React-Bootstrap. It describes common
tasks such as triaging or merging pull requests.

If you are interested in contributing to React-Bootstrap, you should check out
the [Contributing Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Triaging Issues

New issues pop up every day. We need to identify urgent issues (such as nobody
can use a component, or install React-Bootstrap), close and link duplicates,
answer questions, etc. Please alert the
[gitter/react-bootstrap](https://gitter.im/react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap) chat
room of the urgent issues. We are using
[HuBoard](https://huboard.com/react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap) which is a kanban
style board to track and prioritize issues.

## Merging a pull request

Please, make sure:

- Travis build is green
- At least one collaborator (other than you) approves the PR
  - Commenting "LGTM" (Looks good to me) or something of similar sorts is
    sufficient.
  - If it's a simple docs change or a typo fix, feel free to skip this step.
- Commits follow the convention prescribed in the [Contributing
  Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).
  - This is very important, because the release process uses this to generate
    the [changelog](./CHANGELOG.md).
  - Commits are squashed. Each change is a single commit.
    - e.g. if the PR contains two changes such as `[fixed] Some Bug` and then
      `[fixed] Some other unrelated bug` it should be two separate changes.
    - e.g. if the first commit is `[fixed] Some bug` and the second commit is
      `[fixed] failing tests for previous commit`, you should squash them into a
      single commit
  - It's alright to ask the author of the pull request to fix any of the above.

## Becoming a maintainer

If you are interested in becoming a react-bootstrap maintainer, start by
reviewing issues and pull requests. Answer questions for those in need of
troubleshooting. Join us in the
[gitter/react-bootstrap](https://gitter.im/react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap) chat
room. Once we see you helping, either we will reach out and ask you if you want
to join or you can ask one of the [organization
owners](https://github.com/orgs/react-bootstrap/teams/owners) to add you. We
will try our best to be proactive in reaching out to those that are already
helping out.

GitHub by default does not publicly state that you are a member of the
organization. Please feel free to change that setting for yourself so others
will know who's helping out. That can be configured on [organization
list](https://github.com/orgs/react-bootstrap/people) page.

Being a maintainer is not an obligation. You can help when you have time and be
less active when you don't. If you get a new job and get busy, that's alright.

## Releases

Releases should include documentation, git tag, bower package preparation and
finally the actual npm module publish. We have all of this automated by running
`./tools/release` from the root of the repository. __PLEASE DO NOT RUN `npm
publish` BY ITSELF__. The release script will do that. We want to prevent issues
like [#325](https://github.com/react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap/issues/325) and
[#218](https://github.com/react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap/issues/218) from ever
happening again. In order to run the release script you will need permission to
publish to the package to npm. Those with this permission are in the [publishers
team](https://github.com/orgs/react-bootstrap/teams/publishers)

*Note: The publishers team does exist. If you see 404 that means you just have no permissions to publish.*

Example usages of the release script:

```bash
$ ./tools/release patch
$ ./tools/release minor
$ ./tools/release major
$ ./tools/release minor --pre beta
```

Note that the above commands will bump the [semver](http://semver.org) version
programmatically so you don't need to. Please be mindful to ensure that semver
guidelines are followed. If it is discovered that we have pushed a release in
violation of semver, than a patch release reverting the offending change should
be pushed as soon as possible to correct the error. The offending change can
then be re-applied and released with the proper version bump.

## Live releasing the documentation

The documentation release script does a similar job to the release script except
that it doesn't publish to npm. It will auto tag the current branch with
a pre "docs" tag, and will push to documentation repository.

For a given tag (lets say `0.22.1`) the first docs tag would be `0.22.1-docs.0`.
In order to tags to be incremental and in order to include all the previous docs
changes, make sure that if a docs tags exists for the current release,
that you start from that tag.

To live patch the documentation in between release follow these steps

0. Find the latest documentation release.
  - Check the latest release tag (lets say `v0.22.1`).
  - Look for a docs-release tag for that version ex: `v0.22.1-docs.X`
  - If one exists, check-it-out. If not checkout the latest release tag.
  - *Note: Checkout the tag and not master directly because some live
   documentation changes on master that could related to new components
   or updates for the upcoming release*
0. Create a new branch from there (for example `git checkout -b docs/v0.22.1`)
0. Cherry-pick the commits you want to include in the live update
`git cherry-pick <commit-ish>...`
0. Use the release-docs script to push and tag to the documentation repository.

*Note: The branch name you checkout to cherry-picked the commit is not enforced.
Though keeping similar names ex: `docs/<version>` helps finding the branch
easily.*

Example usage of release-docs script:

```bash
$ ./tools/release-docs
```

## Check everything is OK before releasing

Release tools have a very useful option `--dry-run`.

You can use it
- to learn how releasing tools are working.
- to ensure there are no side issues before you release anything.

Commit message:

Introduce Git Flow paradigm for development
Documents proposed changes to the process by which we introduce breaking
changes and or remove functionality.

MAINTAINING.md, after:

# Maintaining React-Bootstrap

This document is for people working on React-Bootstrap. It describes common
tasks such as triaging or merging pull requests.

If you are interested in contributing to React-Bootstrap, you should check out
the [Contributing Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Triaging Issues

New issues pop up every day. We need to identify urgent issues (such as nobody
can use a component, or install React-Bootstrap), close and link duplicates,
answer questions, etc. Please alert the
[gitter/react-bootstrap](https://gitter.im/react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap) chat
room of the urgent issues. We are using
[HuBoard](https://huboard.com/react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap) which is a kanban
style board to track and prioritize issues.

## Merging a pull request

Please, make sure:

- Travis build is green
- At least one collaborator (other than you) approves the PR
  - Commenting "LGTM" (Looks good to me) or something of similar sorts is
    sufficient.
  - If it's a simple docs change or a typo fix, feel free to skip this step.
- Commits follow the convention prescribed in the [Contributing
  Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).
  - This is very important, because the release process uses this to generate
    the [changelog](./CHANGELOG.md).
  - Commits are squashed. Each change is a single commit.
    - e.g. if the PR contains two changes such as `[fixed] Some Bug` and then
      `[fixed] Some other unrelated bug` it should be two separate changes.
    - e.g. if the first commit is `[fixed] Some bug` and the second commit is
      `[fixed] failing tests for previous commit`, you should squash them into a
      single commit
  - It's alright to ask the author of the pull request to fix any of the above.

## Becoming a maintainer

If you are interested in becoming a react-bootstrap maintainer, start by
reviewing issues and pull requests. Answer questions for those in need of
troubleshooting. Join us in the
[gitter/react-bootstrap](https://gitter.im/react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap) chat
room. Once we see you helping, either we will reach out and ask you if you want
to join or you can ask one of the [organization
owners](https://github.com/orgs/react-bootstrap/teams/owners) to add you. We
will try our best to be proactive in reaching out to those that are already
helping out.

GitHub by default does not publicly state that you are a member of the
organization. Please feel free to change that setting for yourself so others
will know who's helping out. That can be configured on [organization
list](https://github.com/orgs/react-bootstrap/people) page.

Being a maintainer is not an obligation. You can help when you have time and be
less active when you don't. If you get a new job and get busy, that's alright.

## Releases

Releases should include documentation, git tag, bower package preparation and
finally the actual npm module publish. We have all of this automated by running
`./tools/release` from the root of the repository. __PLEASE DO NOT RUN `npm
publish` BY ITSELF__. The release script will do that. We want to prevent issues
like [#325](https://github.com/react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap/issues/325) and
[#218](https://github.com/react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap/issues/218) from ever
happening again. In order to run the release script you will need permission to
publish to the package to npm. Those with this permission are in the [publishers
team](https://github.com/orgs/react-bootstrap/teams/publishers)

*Note: The publishers team does exist. If you see 404 that means you just have no permissions to publish.*

Example usages of the release script:

```bash
$ ./tools/release patch
$ ./tools/release minor
$ ./tools/release major
$ ./tools/release minor --pre beta
```

Note that the above commands will bump the [semver](http://semver.org) version
programmatically so you don't need to. Please be mindful to ensure that semver
guidelines are followed. If it is discovered that we have pushed a release in
violation of semver, than a patch release reverting the offending change should
be pushed as soon as possible to correct the error. The offending change can
then be re-applied and released with the proper version bump.

### Git Flow

In an effort to reduce the frequency with which we introduce breaking changes we
should do our best to first push deprecation warnings in a Minor or Patch
release. Also, Pull Requests with breaking changes should be submitted against
the `alpha` branch. Which we will in turn release as an `alpha` release of the
next Major version. When we are ready to release the next Major version bump we
will merge the `alpha` branch into the `beta` branch and cut a `beta` release.
Once bugs have been addressed with the `beta` release then we will merge the
`beta` branch to master and release the Major version bump. This is fairly
inline with [Vincent Driessen's version of Git Flow](http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/).
Where our `alpha` branch is similar to his development branch and `beta` is
similar to his release branch.

### Live releasing the documentation

The documentation release script does a similar job to the release script except
that it doesn't publish to npm. It will auto tag the current branch with
a pre "docs" tag, and will push to documentation repository.

For a given tag (lets say `0.22.1`) the first docs tag would be `0.22.1-docs.0`.
In order to tags to be incremental and in order to include all the previous docs
changes, make sure that if a docs tags exists for the current release,
that you start from that tag.

To live patch the documentation in between release follow these steps

1. Find the latest documentation release.
  - Check the latest release tag (lets say `v0.22.1`).
  - Look for a docs-release tag for that version ex: `v0.22.1-docs.X`
  - If one exists, check-it-out. If not checkout the latest release tag.
  - *Note: Checkout the tag and not master directly because some live
   documentation changes on master that could related to new components
   or updates for the upcoming release*
2. Create a new branch from there (for example `git checkout -b docs/v0.22.1`)
3. Cherry-pick the commits you want to include in the live update
`git cherry-pick <commit-ish>...`
4. Use the release-docs script to push and tag to the documentation repository.

*Note: The branch name you checkout to cherry-picked the commit is not enforced.
Though keeping similar names ex: `docs/<version>` helps finding the branch
easily.*

Example usage of release-docs script:

```bash
$ ./tools/release-docs
```

### Check everything is OK before releasing

Release tools have a very useful option `--dry-run`.

You can use it
- to learn how releasing tools are working.
- to ensure there are no side issues before you release anything.
